===Q16===
ANSWER: A
RATIONALE: It most logically completes the text's discussion of the relative appeal of different kinds of plays by Shakespeare to today's audiences. According to the text, Shakespeare's tragedies address broad themes that continue to appeal to today's audiences. Indeed, the text suggests that these themes are timeless, as illustrated by the example of Romeo and Juliet, which the text states is still read and widely performed despite being set in the Italy of Shakespeare's time. In contrast, the text indicates that audiences and readers may need to be familiar with several centuries of English history in order to understand Shakespeare's history plays. Because many theatergoers and readers are unlikely to possess such extensive historical knowledge, it follows that they are likely to find Shakespeare's history plays less engaging than his more accessible tragedies.
WRONG_B: The text never introduces a comparison between Shakespeare's tragedies and twentieth-century plays, only between Shakespeare's tragedies and his history plays. Since twentieth-century plays aren't mentioned, there's no basis in the text for the idea that some of Shakespeare's tragedies are more relevant than twentieth-century plays to today's audiences.
WRONG_C: Although the text indicates that Romeo and Juliet is appealing to today's audiences, it doesn't suggest that Romeo and Juliet is more accessible than Shakespeare's other tragedies. Rather, the text presents Romeo and Juliet as an example to support the idea that Shakespeare's tragedies hold continued appeal for today's readers and theatergoers.
WRONG_D: Although experts in English history would likely possess the knowledge needed to understand Shakespeare's history plays, the text never mentions such experts or suggests that they would enjoy the history plays more than Shakespeare's other works.

===Q17===
ANSWER: B
RATIONALE: It presents the conclusion that most logically follows from the text's discussion of Ancestral Puebloans' migration to the Rio Grande Valley. The text states that in the late 1200s C.E., the Ancestral Puebloan civilization abandoned villages in its original homeland, which included the Mesa Verde site. The text goes on to say that recent genetic analysis has demonstrated that the modern turkey population in the Rio Grande Valley descends partly from the ancient turkeys raised at Mesa Verde, and that the genetic markers shared by the two turkey populations first appeared at Mesa Verde only after 1280 C.E. Therefore, it can reasonably be concluded that some Ancestral Puebloans migrated to the Rio Grande Valley in the late 1200s and carried their agricultural practices—including the farming of turkeys—to their new home.
WRONG_A: The text never compares the condition of the Rio Grande Valley's terrain to that of Mesa Verde's terrain, either in the present or in the past.
WRONG_C: Although genetic analysis has demonstrated that the modern turkey population in the Rio Grande valley descended in part from the turkey population raised by the Ancestral Puebloans of Mesa Verde before their migration to the valley in 1280, this finding doesn't eliminate the possibility that Indigenous peoples living in the valley before 1280 might also have farmed turkeys.
WRONG_D: The text doesn't consider the possibility that before their migration to the Rio Grande Valley after 1280, the Ancestral Puebloans of Mesa Verde might have adopted turkey farming from an outside Indigenous civilization in another region; instead, the text provides evidence suggesting that the Ancestral Puebloans brought turkey farming to another region—the Rio Grande Valley—after 1280.

===Q18===
ANSWER: D
RATIONALE: It most logically follows from the text's discussion of the challenge researchers face when studying the effects of holding elected office on a person's behavior. The text explains that it's hard for researchers to test for the effects that elected office has on a person because finding people to serve as a control group is difficult. The text indicates that a control group needs to be made up of people who share characteristics of the group being tested but don't have the variable being tested (in this case, holding elected office). Because researchers already know who wins elections, they won't be able to identify a suitable group to determine who would serve as an appropriately similar member of a control group. Thus, it logically follows that researchers will find it difficult to identify a group of people who can function as an appropriate control group for their studies.
WRONG_A: The text focuses on the difficulty of putting together a control group for experiments; it doesn't suggest that finding information about politicians' behavior is difficult.
WRONG_B: Studying people who have already held elected office wouldn't provide an opportunity to note any behavioral changes that the position might cause.
WRONG_C: The text describes people in a control group as those "who are otherwise similar to the office-holders"; selecting people who differ from the office-holders wouldn't fit the criteria for an appropriate control group.

===Q19===
ANSWER: C
RATIONALE: The convention being tested is the use of plural and possessive nouns. The plural nouns "stories" and "immigrants" correctly indicate that the memoir tells multiple stories of multiple immigrants.
WRONG_A: The context requires the plural noun "stories," not the singular possessive noun "story's."
WRONG_B: The context requires the plural nouns "stories" and "immigrants," not the singular possessive noun "story's" and the plural possessive noun "immigrants'."
WRONG_D: The context requires the plural nouns "stories" and "immigrants," not the plural possessive noun "stories'" and the singular possessive noun "immigrant's."

===Q20===
ANSWER: A
RATIONALE: The convention being tested is punctuation between a preposition and its complement. No punctuation is needed between the preposition "of" and its complement, the noun phrase "healing, self-discovery, and memory."
WRONG_B: No punctuation is needed between a preposition and its complement.
WRONG_C: No punctuation is needed between a preposition and its complement.
WRONG_D: No punctuation is needed between a preposition and its complement.

===Q21===
ANSWER: B
RATIONALE: The convention being tested is the use and punctuation of an integrated relative clause. This choice correctly uses the relative pronoun "that" and no punctuation to create an integrated relative clause that provides essential information about the noun phrase ("a book packaging company") that it modifies.
WRONG_A: It doesn't use a relative pronoun to link the verb phrase beginning with "specializes" to the noun phrase that it modifies ("a book packaging company").
WRONG_C: It doesn't use a relative pronoun to link the verb phrase beginning with "specializes" to the noun phrase that it modifies ("a book packaging company").
WRONG_D: No punctuation is needed between the integrated relative clause beginning with "that specializes" and the noun phrase that it modifies ("a book packaging company").