===Q24===
ANSWER: C
RATIONALE: The convention being tested is subject-modifier placement. This choice makes the noun phrase "Julian's 1935 synthesis" the subject of the sentence and places it immediately after the modifying phrase "named...years." In doing so, this choice clearly establishes that Julian's 1935 synthesis of the alkaloid physostigmine—and not another noun in the sentence—was named in 1999 as one of the greatest achievements by a US chemist in the past hundred years.
WRONG_A: It results in a dangling modifier. The placement of the noun "Julian" immediately after the modifying phrase illogically suggests that Julian himself was named as one of the greatest achievements by a US chemist in the past hundred years.
WRONG_B: It results in a dangling modifier. The placement of the prepositional phrase "in 1935" immediately after the modifying phrase illogically and confusingly suggests that "in 1935" was named as one of the greatest achievements by a US chemist in the past hundred years.
WRONG_D: It results in a dangling modifier. The placement of the noun phrase "the alkaloid physostigmine" immediately after the modifying phrase illogically and confusingly suggests that the alkaloid physostigmine itself (not the synthesis of it) was named as one of the greatest achievements by a US chemist in the past hundred years.

===Q25===
ANSWER: B
RATIONALE: The convention being tested is the punctuation of items in a complex series (a series including internal punctuation). The semicolon after "nonnative" is correctly used to separate the first item ("growing diverse plant species, both native and nonnative") and the second item ("fostering scientific research") in the series of things that botanical gardens are dedicated to. Further, the comma after "species" is correctly used to separate the noun phrase "diverse plant species" and the supplementary phrase "both native and nonnative" that modifies it.
WRONG_A: A comma (specifically, the comma after "nonnative") can't be used in this way to separate items in a complex series.
WRONG_C: A semicolon can't be used in this way to separate the noun phrase "diverse plant species" and the supplementary phrase "both native and nonnative" that modifies it. Further, a comma can't be used in this way to separate items in a complex series.
WRONG_D: It fails to use appropriate punctuation to separate the noun phrase "diverse plant species" and the supplementary phrase "both native and nonnative" that modifies it. Further, a comma can't be used in this way to separate items in a complex series.

===Q26===
ANSWER: A
RATIONALE: The convention being tested is the punctuation of a supplementary word or phrase between two main clauses. This choice correctly uses a comma to separate the supplementary adverb "however" from the preceding main clause ("Okinaka doesn't...single-handedly") and a semicolon to join the next main clause ("all...culture") to the rest of the sentence. Further, placing the semicolon after "however" correctly indicates that the information in the preceding main clause (Okinaka doesn't make such decisions single-handedly) is contrary to what might be assumed from the information in the previous sentence (Okinaka sits on the review board that adds new sites to the Hawaii Register of Historic Places).
WRONG_B: Placing the semicolon after "single-handedly" and the comma after "however" illogically indicates that the information in the next main clause (all historical designations must be approved by a group of experts) is contrary to the information in the previous clause (Okinaka doesn't make such decisions single-handedly). Further, it results in a run-on sentence. Commas can't be used in this way to punctuate a supplementary word or phrase between two main clauses.
WRONG_C: It results in a run-on sentence. The two main clauses are fused without punctuation and/or a conjunction.
WRONG_D: It results in a run-on sentence. The two main clauses are fused without punctuation and/or a conjunction.

===Q27===
ANSWER: C
RATIONALE: "Finally" logically signals that the bill passing—following many attempts between 1968 and 1983—is the final, concluding event in the sequence described in the previous sentences.
WRONG_A: "Instead" illogically signals that the bill passing is an alternative to one of the events described in the previous sentences. It is the final event in the sequence.
WRONG_B: "Likewise" illogically signals that the bill passing is similar to one of the events described in the previous sentences. Instead, it is the final event in the sequence.
WRONG_D: "Additionally" illogically signals that the bill passing is merely another event described along with the events of the previous sentences. Instead, it is the final, concluding event in the sequence.

===Q28===
ANSWER: D
RATIONALE: "However" logically signals that this sentence, which indicates that the Puhahonu volcano may be larger than the Mauna Loa volcano, offers a contrast to or refutation of the previous assumption that Mauna Loa is the largest shield volcano.
WRONG_A: "Secondly" illogically signals that this sentence merely offers an additional or second thought concerning the previous assumption that Mauna Loa is the largest shield volcano. Instead, the sentence offers a contrast to or refutation of that assumption.
WRONG_B: "Consequently" illogically signals that this sentence offers a result or consequence of the previous assumption that Mauna Loa is the largest shield volcano. Instead, the sentence offers a contrast to or refutation of that assumption.
WRONG_C: "Moreover" illogically signals that this sentence merely adds to the previous assumption that Mauna Loa is the largest shield volcano. Instead, the sentence offers a contrast to or refutation of that assumption.

===Q29===
ANSWER: A
RATIONALE: "In addition" logically signals that the detail in this sentence—that Coleridge-Taylor included traditional African music in his classical compositions—adds to the information in the previous sentence. Specifically, the previous sentence indicates one way in which Coleridge-Taylor emphasized his mixed-race ancestry, and the claim that follows indicates a second, additional way.
WRONG_B: "Actually" illogically signals that the detail in this sentence is surprising in light of the information in the previous sentence. Instead, the detail adds to the information, indicating a second, additional way in which Coleridge-Taylor emphasized his mixed-race ancestry.
WRONG_C: "However" illogically signals that the detail in this sentence contrasts with the information in the previous sentence. Instead, the detail adds to the information, indicating a second, additional way in which Coleridge-Taylor emphasized his mixed-race ancestry.
WRONG_D: "Despite" illogically signals that the detail in this sentence is true despite the information in the previous sentence. Instead, the detail adds to the information, indicating a second, additional way in which Coleridge-Taylor emphasized his mixed-race ancestry.

===Q30===
ANSWER: A
RATIONALE: "Therefore" logically signals that the action described in this sentence—the researchers theorizing that the dish was named for its effect on diners—is a result or consequence of the previous observation that the dish had a calming effect.
WRONG_B: "Alternately" illogically signals that the action described in this sentence offers an alternative or contrast to the previous observation that the dish had a calming effect. The action is a result or consequence of that observation.
WRONG_C: "Nevertheless" illogically signals that the action described in this sentence occurs despite the previous observation that the dish had a calming effect. The action is a result or consequence of that observation.
WRONG_D: "Likewise" illogically signals that this sentence merely adds a second, similar detail to the previous observation that the dish had a calming effect. Instead, this sentence describes an action that is a result or consequence of that observation.

===Q31===
ANSWER: C
RATIONALE: This sentence emphasizes a difference between baking soda and baking powder, noting that baking soda needs to be mixed with an acidic ingredient to produce carbon dioxide but baking powder doesn't.
WRONG_A: The sentence focuses on what bakers use to make batters rise; it doesn't emphasize a difference between baking soda and baking powder.
WRONG_B: The sentence provides a general description of baking soda