===Q1===
ANSWER: D
RATIONALE: It most logically completes the text's discussion of the fashion resale market's continued growth. As used in this context, "predicted" means forecast, or indicated that something would happen in the future. The text indicates that the fashion resale market made a lot of money in 2019 and that some analysts expected the market to continue to grow. This context suggests that the analysts believed that the fashion resale market was going to make more money than it had already made, with the analysts indicating that revenues would more than double by 2028.
WRONG_A: It wouldn't make sense in context to say that some analysts "produced," or manufactured or brought about, the increase in future revenues of the fashion resale market. The analysts themselves couldn't have brought about the future revenue growth, since, as the text suggests, they were merely in the position of drawing conclusions about future fashion resale market revenue based on 2019 revenue.
WRONG_B: It is incorrect because the text indicates that some analysts expected the fashion resale market to continue to grow in the future, not that they "denied," or rejected, this notion. Nothing in the text supports the idea that these analysts thought the revenues wouldn't grow.
WRONG_C: It is incorrect because the text indicates that some analysts expected the fashion resale market to continue to grow in the future, not that they "worried," or felt concerned, that revenue would significantly increase by 2028. Nothing in the text suggests that the analysts felt concerned about the increase; rather, the text suggests that the increase would represent a favorable outcome, since it would mean that the fashion resale market grew to generate even more revenue.

===Q2===
ANSWER: D
RATIONALE: It most logically completes the text's discussion of the difficulty of moving biomolecules to plant cells. In this context, "overcome" means to succeed in dealing with an obstacle. The text suggests that although it's difficult to move biomolecules through plant cell walls, Landry and her colleagues have shown that carbon nanotubes may be useful, since they can cross cell walls. This context conveys that Landry and her colleagues think it's possible, using carbon nanotubes, to succeed in dealing with the obstacle of transmitting biomolecules to plant cells.
WRONG_A: It wouldn't make sense in context to say that Landry and her colleagues have shown that it may be possible to "conceptualize," or form an idea of, the difficulty of transmitting biomolecules through the walls of plant cells. The text presents this difficulty as a known problem that Landry and her colleagues think they may have solved, not as a mysterious occurrence that they have yet to form ideas about.
WRONG_B: It is incorrect because it wouldn't make sense in context to say that Landry and her colleagues think it may be possible to "neglect," or simply to disregard and ignore the problem.
WRONG_C: It is incorrect because it wouldn't make sense in context to say that Landry and her colleagues have shown that it may be possible to "illustrate," or demonstrate, the difficulty of transmitting biomolecules through the walls of plant cells by using carbon nanotubes. According to the text, carbon nanotubes allow molecules to be transmitted to plant cells—something that is otherwise difficult to do. The text therefore presents carbon nanotubes as a way of possibly solving a problem, not as a means of demonstrating the problem.

===Q3===
ANSWER: B
RATIONALE: It most logically completes the text's discussion of the work of particle physicists. In this context, "inspecting" means viewing closely in order to examine. The text indicates that as particle physicists, Arce and El-Khadra's work involves using advanced technology to "closely examine" subatomic particles. In other words, they use technology to inspect small parts of matter that can't be seen by the naked eye.
WRONG_A: It is incorrect because nothing in the text suggests that Arce and El-Khadra spend time "selecting," or choosing, subatomic particles for some purpose; the text simply states that the particle physicists use advanced technology to see and study the behavior of those tiny parts of matter.
WRONG_C: It is incorrect because nothing in the text suggests that Arce and El-Khadra spend time "creating" subatomic particles, or bringing them into existence; the text simply states that the particle physicists use advanced technology to see and study the behavior of those tiny parts of matter.
WRONG_D: It is incorrect because in this context, "deciding" would mean making a final choice or judgment about something. It wouldn't make sense to say that particle physicists get to choose what is and isn't visible to the naked eye, especially when the text presents it as fact that subatomic particles are the smallest detectable parts of matter and would therefore be invisible. The text focuses on Arce and El-Khadra's close observation of those particles, not on any decisions they might make.

===Q4===
ANSWER: B
RATIONALE: It most logically completes the text's discussion of the hominin known as Little Foot. As used in this context, "comparable to" would mean similar to. The text indicates that the relationship between the fossilized clavicle and shoulder bones of Little Foot and the clavicle and shoulder bones of "frequent climbers," such as chimpanzees and gorillas, suggests that Little Foot had adapted to moving around in trees. This context suggests that the relationship between the fossilized bones of Little Foot and the bones of chimpanzees and gorillas is one of similarity—the Little Foot fossils are likely comparable to the modern ape bones.
WRONG_A: It is incorrect because "surpassed by," or exceeded by or made inferior to, the bones of modern apes that are frequent climbers. It wouldn't suggest, as the text says, that Little Foot was adapted to moving around in trees. If anything, learning that Little Foot's clavicle and shoulder bones were surpassed by those of chimpanzees and gorillas would suggest that Little Foot was poorly adapted to climbing.
WRONG_C: It is incorrect because if Little Foot's fossilized clavicle and shoulder bones were "independent of," or not influenced by or affiliated with, the bones of modern apes that climb often, it wouldn't suggest, as the text says, that Little Foot was adapted to moving around in trees.
WRONG_D: It is incorrect because the text indicates that Little Foot's fossilized bones date to 3.6 million years ago, so they couldn't have been "obtained from," or acquired from, the bones of modern apes.

===Q5===
ANSWER: B
RATIONALE: It most logically completes the text's discussion of Samuel R. Delany's character Rydra Wong. As used in this context, "typical" would mean unrepresentative or not common. The text indicates that Rydra Wong is one of "nearly a dozen" characters in Delany's novels who are poets or writers. This context conveys that being a poet isn't an atypical occupation for a character in one of Delany's works.
WRONG_A: It is incorrect because "infallible" means to be accurate or without fault, which wouldn't make sense in context. The text focuses on the fact that Delany has written many characters who are poets and writers. This context suggests that the occupation isn't infallible, not problematic.
WRONG_C: It is incorrect because "lucrative" means profitable, which wouldn't make sense in context. If writing poet characters were profitable, it wouldn't be logical to indicate that Delany gave many of his characters the same occupation.
WRONG_D: It is incorrect because "tedious" means to be boring, which wouldn't make sense in context. The text focuses on the fact that Delany has written many characters who are poets and writers. This context suggests that the occupation isn't atypical for Delany, not that the occupation isn't tedious.