===Q4===
ANSWER: C
RATIONALE: It most logically completes the text's discussion of the influences on Banisadr's work. As used in this context, "unimportant" means trivial or lacking value. "It is by no means" establishes that the word that goes in the blank is contradicted by other information: the material that follows "indeed" later in that sentence provides the contradicting information—namely, that Banisadr himself cites Bosch as an inspiration. In other words, the sentence indicates that Bosch's influence on Banisadr is significant, and thus recognizing that influence is by no means unimportant.
WRONG_A: It wouldn't make sense to say that recognizing Bosch's influence on Banisadr isn't "substantial," or meaningful. The text states that Banisadr himself cites Bosch as an influence.
WRONG_B: It wouldn't make sense to say that it isn't "satisfying," or pleasing, to recognize Bosch's influence on Banisadr. The text states that Banisadr himself cites Bosch as an influence.
WRONG_D: It wouldn't make sense to say that recognizing Bosch's influence on Banisadr isn't "appropriate," or suitable. The text indicates that Banisadr himself notes that Bosch's work has had an effect on him.

===Q5===
ANSWER: A
RATIONALE: It most accurately describes the main purpose of the text. The text begins by stating that the new picture "need to fit in" with the other items that the shop owner has. The text goes on to illustrate that point by describing the other pictures the shop owner has, indicating that the shop owner is fussing because he doesn't think the new picture belongs in the store. In the second paragraph, however, the text indicates that the shop owner is "secretly proud of his acquisition." The main purpose of the text is thus to reveal the shop owner's conflicted feelings about the new picture.
WRONG_B: The text doesn't suggest that the shop owner resents the young man who sold him the new picture; in fact, the text gives no indication of the owner's feelings about the young man at all.
WRONG_C: Although the text indicates that the new picture is different from the other items in the shop, there's no suggestion that the shop owner prizes either the new picture or the pictures of the city, pets, and landscapes more than he prizes any other items.
WRONG_D: The text doesn't describe what the new picture looks like; rather, the text identifies some of the other kinds of images that the shop owner has and states that they're different from the new picture without explaining how they're different.

===Q6===
ANSWER: B
RATIONALE: It most accurately describes the overall structure of the text. First, the speaker describes observing a "most beautiful" sight: a tree ("black cypress") standing out from the golden sky behind it, looking like a person's finger "pointing upwards" and appearing "sensitive" and "exquisite." Then the speaker wonders about the image's meaning, asking why the finger is black and why it's pointing upward. Thus, the text moves from the speaker's description of a distinctive sight in nature to her pondering about what meaning to attribute to that sight.
WRONG_A: The speaker assesses a natural sight—a "black cypress" tree standing "against a gold, gold sky" like a pointed finger—but doesn't question the accuracy of her own assessment. Although she wonders why the finger, which is really a tree, is black and why it's pointing, the speaker doesn't suggest that her belief that the tree resembles a finger is wrong.
WRONG_C: Although the speaker describes seeing a "black cypress" tree standing "against a gold, gold sky" like a pointed finger, she wonders about that natural image (asking why the finger, which is really a tree, is black and why it's pointing) and doesn't give any indication that any people are present in the scene.
WRONG_D: Although the speaker examines and wonders about her surroundings—a "black cypress" tree standing "against a gold, gold sky" like a pointed finger—she doesn't address her own emotional state or consider how it's affected by her surroundings.

===Q7===
ANSWER: D
RATIONALE: It best describes the overall structure of the text. The speaker begins by stating that he has heard that others are accusing him of seeking to destroy institutions. The speaker then addresses this criticism by stating that he is "neither for nor against institutions." Instead, the speaker states that his ultimate goal is to instill "the institution of the dear love of comrades" everywhere in the country. Therefore, the overall structure of the text is best described as an address of criticism followed by an announcement of a grand ambition.
WRONG_A: While the speaker does address an opinion of him that he believes to be untrue, he doesn't indicate that this attitude has become increasingly prevalent. The speaker also concludes by explaining his goal for the future rather than by sharing a new view.
WRONG_B: The text doesn't portray the speaker as isolated or regretful, and the speaker gestures toward a hope for societal change but doesn't offer an explicit prediction that it will happen.
WRONG_C: The speaker addresses criticism of him that he believes to be false; he doesn't admit any personal shortcomings. Moreover, the speaker concludes by stating a goal he has rather than showcasing his achievements.

===Q8===
ANSWER: B
RATIONALE: It most accurately describes the function of the third sentence within the overall structure of the text. The third sentence makes a generalization, asserting that evolutionary links between predators and prey can persist across great expanses of time and distance. This generalization is exemplified by the text's discussion of the relationship between mimosa trees and *B. terrenus* beetles. When mimosa trees were introduced to North America in 1785, no *B. terrenus* beetles were present, so the relationship between the trees and the beetles that exists in their native East Asia was disrupted. When the beetles were introduced to North America more than 200 years later, however, they quickly attacked mimosa trees, illustrating the generalization that links between predators and prey "can persist across centuries and continents."
WRONG_A: The text doesn't indicate that Chang and colleagues were investigating any particular hypothesis. According to the text, Chang and colleagues were simply monitoring mimosa trees when the beetles happened to be introduced to the area.
WRONG_C: The third sentence doesn't discuss any particular species (either the species mentioned elsewhere in the text or any other) and doesn't help explain why species spread to new locations.

===Q9===
ANSWER: B
RATIONALE: It describes the most likely way that Graeber and Wengrow (Text 2) would respond to the "conventional wisdom" presented in Text 1. According to Text 1, the conventional wisdom about human social systems is that they developed through stages, beginning with hunter-gatherer bands, then moving to clan associations, then chiefdoms, and finally arriving at states with bureaucratic structures. Text 2 indicates that Graeber and Wengrow believe that human social systems have been flexible, shifting between different types of structures, including both hierarchical and collective systems, and that these shifts may have even occurred seasonally. This suggests that Graeber and Wengrow would dispute the idea that developments in social structures have followed a linear progression through distinct stages.
WRONG_A: Nothing in Text 2 suggests that Graeber and Wengrow believe that decentralized collective societies are more significant than hierarchical systems. Text 2 is focused on Graeber and Wengrow's view that humans have flexibly shifted among various social structures, not on the importance of particular structures relative to others.
WRONG_C: Text 2 doesn't include any information suggesting that Graeber and Wengrow believe that hierarchies didn't emerge until after the rise of agriculture. In fact, Text 2 indicates that Graeber and Wengrow cite evidence suggesting that some hunter-gatherer groups formed social structures with hierarchical elements ("communities that included esteemed individuals") 50,000 years ago, long before the rise of agriculture, which Text 1 says occurred around 12,000 years ago.