===Q8===
ANSWER: B
RATIONALE: It most accurately describes the function of the third sentence within the overall structure of the text. The third sentence makes a generalization, asserting that evolutionary links between predators and prey can persist across great expanses of time and distance. This generalization is exemplified by the text's discussion of the relationship between mimosa trees and B. terrenus beetles. When mimosa trees were introduced to North America in 1785, no B. terrenus beetles were present, so the relationship between the trees and the beetles that exists in their native East Asia was disrupted. When the beetles were introduced to North America more than 200 years later, however, they quickly attacked mimosa trees, illustrating the generalization that links between predators and prey "can persist across centuries and continents."
WRONG_A: The text doesn't indicate that Chang and colleagues were investigating any particular hypothesis. According to the text, Chang and colleagues were simply monitoring mimosa trees when the beetles happened to be introduced to the area.
WRONG_C: The third sentence doesn't discuss any particular species (either the species mentioned elsewhere in the text or any other) and doesn't help explain why species spread to new locations.
WRONG_D: The third sentence doesn't present an explanation for the findings of Chang and colleagues that differs from an explanation presented elsewhere in the text.

===Q9===
ANSWER: B
RATIONALE: It describes the most likely way that Graeber and Wengrow (Text 2) would respond to the "conventional wisdom" presented in Text 1. According to Text 1, the conventional wisdom about human social systems is that they developed through stages, beginning with hunter-gatherer bands, then moving to clan associations, then chiefdoms, and finally arriving at states with bureaucratic structures. Text 2 indicates that Graeber and Wengrow believe that human social systems have been flexible, shifting between different types of structures, including both hierarchical and collective systems, and that these shifts may have even occurred seasonally. This suggests that Graeber and Wengrow would dispute the idea that developments in social structures have followed a linear progression through distinct stages.
WRONG_A: Nothing in Text 2 suggests that Graeber and Wengrow believe that decentralized collective societies are more significant than hierarchical ones. Text 2 focuses on Graeber and Wengrow's view that humans have flexibly shifted among various social structures, not on the importance of particular structures relative to others.
WRONG_C: Text 2 doesn't include any information suggesting that Graeber and Wengrow believe that hierarchies didn't emerge until after the rise of agriculture. In fact, Text 2 indicates that Graeber and Wengrow cite evidence suggesting that some hunter-gatherer groups formed social structures with hierarchical elements ("communities that included esteemed individuals") 50,000 years ago, long before the rise of agriculture, which Text 1 says occurred around 12,000 years ago.
WRONG_D: There's no information in Text 2 suggesting that Graeber and Wengrow would challenge the assumption that groupings of hunter-gatherers were among the earliest forms of social structure. Although Text 1 does indicate that hunter-gatherer groups are assumed to be the earliest human social system, Text 2 only says that Graeber and Wengrow believe that some hunter-gatherer groups made use of different social structures at different times. Text 2 doesn't imply that Graeber and Wengrow doubt that hunter-gatherer groups preceded most other social structures.

===Q10===
ANSWER: D
RATIONALE: It most accurately states the main idea of the text. The text describes Mary's activities in an overgrown hidden garden. It says that she was "very much absorbed" and was "only becoming more pleased with her work every hour" rather than getting tired of it. She also thinks of garden activities as a "fascinating sort of play." Thus, the main idea of the text is that Mary feels very satisfied when taking care of the garden.
WRONG_A: The text never makes any mention of Mary's chores.
WRONG_B: The text indicates that Mary finds pulling up weeds to be fascinating, not boring.
WRONG_C: Mary thinks of garden activities as play, not as something necessary to do to create a space to play.

===Q11===
ANSWER: C
RATIONALE: It presents a description of how the human mind is like a flower that is directly supported by the text. The text compares the needs of a "fragile and lovely flower" to those of the speaker's "tender mind": both need to be fed if they're going to survive. Without such feeding, they'll "beginneth straightway to languish," or weaken. Thus, the text suggests that the human mind is like a flower in that they both need proper nourishment in order to thrive.
WRONG_A: The text doesn't address the passage of time or describe either the human mind or a flower as becoming increasingly vigorous.
WRONG_B: The text doesn't suggest that human minds or flowers draw strength from changes in weather. The references to rain in the text pertain to a flower's need for water rather than the general effects of changing weather.
WRONG_D: The text doesn't suggest that the human mind or a flower will persist regardless of challenging circumstances. In fact, the text indicates that they'll both languish right away if not given what they need.

===Q12===
ANSWER: D
RATIONALE: It most accurately states the main idea of the text. The text conveys that Buck views most people "as nothing." The text explains that Buck won't acknowledge people other than Thornton unless they appear friendly toward Thornton, and even then he's only reluctantly accepting. Thus, the text focuses on the idea that Thornton has a special status in Buck's mind, with Buck holding him in higher regard than other people.
WRONG_A: The text conveys that Buck isn't social with people other than Thornton but doesn't address Buck's life or temperament before he lived with Thornton.
WRONG_B: The text conveys that Buck doesn't really care about people other than Thornton and is aloof toward them. However, there's no indication that Buck mistrusts and avoids people generally; indeed, he accepts Thornton, who is a human.
WRONG_C: The text refers to random travelers praising and petting Buck and Thornton's partners giving Buck favors, but there's no indication that any of these people are Thornton's friends or that they have a particular fondness for Buck.

===Q13===
ANSWER: A
RATIONALE: It uses data from the graph to accurately complete the text. The graph shows the number of organic farms located in each of six US states in 2016: between 2,600 and 2,900 in California; between 1,200 and 1,400 in Wisconsin; between 1,000 and 1,200 in New York; approximately 800 in Pennsylvania; and between 600 and 800 in both Iowa and Washington. The last sentence of the text provides information about the number of organic farms in 2016, first describing the number in California. The best completion of the sentence is the choice that accurately describes the number of organic farms in 2016 in another state, which is the assertion that Washington had between 600 and 800 organic farms.
WRONG_B: The graph indicates that there were between 1,000 and 1,200 organic farms in New York, not fewer than 800 organic farms.
WRONG_C: While the graph indicates that there were between 1,200 and 1,400 organic farms in Wisconsin in 2016, there were only between 600 and 800 in Iowa.
WRONG_D: The graph indicates that in 2016 there were approximately 800 organic farms in Pennsylvania, not more than 1,200.