===Q12===
ANSWER: B
RATIONALE: It most effectively illustrates the claim in the text that in describing the teenaged girl, Mansfield contrasts the character's pleasant appearance with her unpleasant attitude. In the quotation, Mansfield describes the teenager as having a "lovely nose" (a compliment about her appearance) but also as treating her makeup puff "as though she loathed it" (a judgment suggesting her unpleasant attitude).
WRONG_A: The teenager's reaction to the flowers doesn't make it clear that she has an unpleasant attitude, and nothing in the quotation indicates that any part of her appearance is pleasant.
WRONG_C: The quotation suggests that the teenager has an unpleasant attitude (being upset with the location and leaving the table before the narrator has paid for the meal) but doesn't give any indication that she has a pleasant appearance.
WRONG_D: The quotation suggests that the teenager may have an unpleasant attitude (lowering her eyes, wincing, and sitting in silence) but doesn't give any indication that any part of her appearance is pleasant.

===Q13===
ANSWER: D
RATIONALE: It uses data from the graph to effectively illustrate the text's claim about general economic policy uncertainty in the United Kingdom. The graph presents values for economic policy uncertainty in tax and public spending policy, trade policy, and general economic policy in the UK from 2005 to 2010. The graph shows that in 2005, the value for general economic policy uncertainty (approximately 90) was substantially lower than the value for uncertainty about trade policy specifically (approximately 160). It also shows that in 2010, the value for general economic policy uncertainty (approximately 120) was substantially lower than the value for uncertainty about trade policy (approximately 70). The substantial differences between these values in 2005 and 2010 support the claim that a general measure may not fully reflect uncertainty about specific areas of policy.
WRONG_A: The graph shows that the level of general economic policy uncertainty was similar to the level of uncertainty about tax and public spending policy in both 2005 (with values of approximately 90 and 100, respectively) and 2009 (with values of approximately 80 and 75, respectively).
WRONG_B: The graph shows that general economic policy uncertainty was higher than uncertainty about tax and public spending policy in 2006, 2007, and 2008, not that it was lower each year from 2005 to 2010.
WRONG_C: The graph shows that general economic policy uncertainty reached its highest level in 2010, which was when uncertainty about tax and public spending policy also reached its highest level, not its lowest level.

===Q14===
ANSWER: C
RATIONALE: It presents the finding that, if true, would most strongly support Tannen's hypothesis. According to the text, Tannen's hypothesis is that multiple perspectives presented in a noncompetitive format is more informative than a debate between opposing viewpoints is. If participants who saw a panel of three commentators with various views about an issue answered more questions about the issue correctly than did participants who saw a debate, that would support Tannen's hypothesis since it would show that participants who heard multiple varied perspectives were better informed than were participants who heard a debate between opposing viewpoints.
WRONG_A: Finding that participants perceived commentators in the debate as more knowledgeable than commentators in the panel is irrelevant to Tannen's hypothesis, which is that presenting multiple perspectives on an issue is more informative to the audience than presenting opposing views of the issue is.
WRONG_B: Participants' perception of how knowledgeable panelists are has no bearing on how much participants learn from the panelists.
WRONG_D: Finding that participants perceived commentators in the panel as more knowledgeable than a single commentator is irrelevant to Tannen's hypothesis, which is that presenting multiple perspectives on an issue is more informative to the audience than presenting opposing views of the issue is. Participants' perception of how knowledgeable panelists are has no bearing on how much participants learn from the panelists, and Tannen's hypothesis says nothing about how informative single commentators are.

===Q15===
ANSWER: C
RATIONALE: It most effectively uses a quotation from King Lear to illustrate the claim that King Lear expresses regret for his actions. In the quotation, Lear describes striking himself on the head—the same act he's engaged in as he speaks—in a way that suggests he's deeply upset with himself. Referring to himself in the second person (with "thy"), the character exclaims "Beat at this gate that let thy folly in / And thy dear judgement out!" Lear refers metaphorically to his own mind as a gate that has allowed folly, or poor judgement, to enter and good judgement to escape. This suggests that Lear regrets his attempts to test his three daughters' devotion to him, regarding those attempts as examples of the folly that has entered the gate of his mind.
WRONG_A: This quotation doesn't express King Lear's sense of regret over his own actions; instead, it expresses his belief that the harm that others have done to him (to the extent to which they have "sinned against" him) outweighs whatever harm he himself has caused by "sinning."
WRONG_B: This quotation doesn't express King Lear's sense of regret over his own actions; instead, it expresses his thoughts about an approaching storm ("this tempest"), which he believes "will not give [him] leave to ponder," or time to consider, the harm that he will continue to experience ("things" that "would hurt [him] more").
WRONG_D: This quotation expresses King Lear's vow to commit terrible actions (or "things" that "shall be / The terrors of the earth") in the future, not his regret over actions that he's already taken.

===Q16===
ANSWER: A
RATIONALE: It most logically completes the text's discussion of the relative appeal of different kinds of plays by Shakespeare to today's audiences. According to the text, Shakespeare's tragedies address broad themes that continue to appeal to today's audiences. Indeed, the text suggests that these themes are timeless, as illustrated by the example of Romeo and Juliet, which the text states is still read and widely performed despite being set in the Italy of Shakespeare's time. In contrast, the text indicates that audiences and readers may need to be familiar with several centuries of English history in order to understand Shakespeare's history plays. Because many theatergoers and readers are unlikely to possess such extensive historical knowledge, it follows that they are likely to find Shakespeare's history plays less engaging than his more accessible tragedies.
WRONG_B: The text never introduces a comparison between Shakespeare's tragedies and twentieth-century plays, only between Shakespeare's tragedies and his history plays. Since twentieth-century plays aren't mentioned, there's no basis in the text for the idea that some of Shakespeare's tragedies are more relevant than twentieth-century plays to today's audiences.
WRONG_C: Although the text indicates that Romeo and Juliet is thematically accessible to today's audiences, it doesn't suggest that Romeo and Juliet is more accessible than Shakespeare's other tragedies. Rather, the text presents Romeo and Juliet as an example to support the idea that Shakespeare's tragedies hold continued appeal for today's readers and theatergoers.
WRONG_D: Although experts in English history would likely possess the knowledge needed to understand Shakespeare's history plays, the text never mentions such experts or suggests that they would enjoy the history plays more than Shakespeare's other works.